Document xcommon cmake based build process (#276)
xmos/sw_usb_audio: doc/rst/quick.rst

   #. Download the **XMOS XTC Tools** from: http://www.xmos.com/software-tools and install.

>       The minimum required XTC Tools version for compiling USB Audio applications is 15.3.0. Make sure that you download the correct version of the tools.

Reviewer: Tell user to check readme for tools version number as we'll keep that up to date (soon to be automated)

>       The minimum required XTC Tools version for compiling USB Audio applications is 15.3.0. Make sure that you download the correct version of the tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The minimum required XTC Tools version for compiling USB Audio applications can be found in the README. Make sure that you download the correct version of the tools.
```

.. warning::

    USB Audio applications are compiled using the `XCommon CMake <https://www.xmos.com/documentation/XM-014363-PC-10/html/tools-guide/tools-ref/xcommon_cmake.html#xcommon-cmake-build-system>`_ build system.

>     The minimum XTC tools version that supports XCommon CMake is 15.3.0. Ensure that the firmware is compiled using XTC Tools version 15.3.0 or above.

Reviewer: Same comment on tools version. We only want it in one, maintained place (also means docs don't need updating every tools release)

    #. Unzip the package zip to a known location

    #. From the relevant application directory (e.g. ``app_usb_aud_xk_audio_316_mc``), execute the commands::

        cmake -G "Unix Makefiles" -B build
        xmake -C build

The above steps will configure and build all of the available and supported build configurations for the application.

> The applications are compiled using `Xcommon CMake <https://www.xmos.com/documentation/XM-014363-PC-10/html/tools-guide/tools-ref/xcommon_cmake.html#xcommon-cmake-build-system>`_ which is a `CMake <https://cmake.org/>`_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The applications are compiled using `XCommon CMake <https://www.xmos.com/documentation/XM-014363-PC-10/html/tools-guide/tools-ref/xcommon_cmake.html#xcommon-cmake-build-system>`_ which is a `CMake <https://cmake.org/>`_
```
